
    cTool

    Copyright 1994-2001 - Shaun Flisakowski

    This is the latest version of cTool.
    Please keep the complaints rolling in, or I'll never work on it :).

    The latest version is currently available at:
        ftp.spf-15.com:/pub/users/flisakow/pkg/ctoolXXX.tar.gz

    I announce major new versions to a private mailing list I
    maintain; send mail to me at flisakow@spf-15.com to get
    on or off the list.

    Newer versions have bug fixes, code and ideas donated by
    various programmers, the list keeps growing. In particular,
    I would like to thank:
          Kurt Cockrum
          Robert O'Callahan
          John Harper
          Joerg Schoen
          Franklin Chen
          Keith Thompson
          Pavel Kalugin
          Mark Willey
          Richard O'Keefe
          Brian Chess
          Dickon Reed
          Patrick Baudin

    And also thanks to the many more people who have
    pointed out bugs and made suggestions.

    If you're interested in working on ctool, or have some code
    you want to merge in, just let me know.
 
    The file ctdemo.cpp implements a simple main() that reads
    in C files, parses them and then prints them back out. 
    This is only supposed to be an example, and is
    not meant to be a real program.  You would of course write
    your own main() which did something useful :). 

    Read ANNOUNCE, which is my hard-sell for why you want this
    C lexer/parser package instead of Roskind's (which doesn't even
    include a symbol table).

    Also, read COPYING which releases me from all responsibilites
    relating to the use or mis-use of this code.

    The 'gram' directory contains ansi specs I got off the
    net somewhere, I didn't use them (I didn't find them until
    after I had already done mine) but I tossed them in anyway.

    The 'regression' directory contains some programs to test it
    on, and a perl script to run them.

    The 'tri' directory contains code to make a simple preprocessor
    that will translate trigraphs.

    If you have problems/comments/suggestions I would like to hear 
    from you:
        flisakow@spf-15.com
        flisakow@acm.org

